we missed the quarkus usage feature in 3.2 blog (#1741)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2023-07-05-quarkus-3-2-0-final-released.adoc

== What's new?

=== Build time analytics

To be able to better understand how Quarkus is used, we have added a new build time analytics feature. It is anonymous and opt-in thus fully voluntary.

> On first startup of `quarkus dev` you will be asked if you want to share build time analytics with Quarkus community. If you answer yes, then on `quarkus dev` and builds a small package is sent with info about java, maven/gradle, quarkus versions, public extensions used, build time, etc. This will help us to better understand how Quarkus is used and what we can improve. If you answer no, then no data is sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On first startup of `quarkus dev` you will be asked if you want to share build time analytics with the Quarkus community. If you answer yes, then on `quarkus dev` and builds a small package is sent with information about Java, Maven/Gradle, Quarkus versions, public extensions used, build time, etc. This will help us to better understand how Quarkus is used and what we can improve. If you answer no, then no data is sent.
```

> You can read more on how this works in on https://quarkus.io/usage and the technical dails in this https://groups.google.com/g/quarkus-dev/c/Iw17La9pgX[quarkus-dev] post and https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/33555[PR]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more on how this works in https://quarkus.io/usage and find more technical details in this https://groups.google.com/g/quarkus-dev/c/Iw17La9pgX[quarkus-dev] post and this https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/33555[pull request]. 
```
